---
title: Fuze box 3
layout: post
author: fraser.chapman
permalink: /fuze-box-3/
source-id: 1BXF6fj9hsvYhOavr8q3PWEqCb2lrCm8qMqxN8YSrS9A
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Making a blog</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>01/01/01</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>New section in manual</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>to use text variables</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> Almost, we know how to use text variables but we didn't quite run it</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I read out the text and my partner typed it, this was effective as we got through the tasks very quickly. Also we agreed some knew phrases to help me communicate the code like speech which would tell him to put the text in inverted commas. I also re-read the last task that we had done so that i knew what we had been doing before.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Sometimes, when we got stuck on a particular task like when a piece of code didn't work perfectly , we'd stay there trying to work out the problem which was quite time consuming. Also, we lost some of our work in the editor which meant that we lost progress and had to redo a whole set of code In addition we had troubles hen saving as we did so twice, the first time at the start, and the second time right at the end which replaced the first save, losing some of our work from the start of the lesson.
</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time, when we get stuck on a piece of code, we will just move on to the next part and hopefully it will make sense in the end. This will save us lots of time. Secondly, we will be more careful whilst in editor so that we do not lose our work again. Thirdly, I will remember to only save the work once, right at the end which would stop me from overriding other files and losing our progress.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


