---
title: Fuze box 6.0
layout: post
author: fraser.chapman
permalink: /fuze-box-6.0/
source-id: 1-bQShpJ9hS5N_cDVZ5yMiv9KqmIzB_19U_T2hpC29d8
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Making a blog</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>28/2/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>finishing off the hobbies and age code from last lesson</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To make more progress in the fuze box manual</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>yes, we progressed well and got white away through a new topic </td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>as usual I read out the manual and Ethan typed into the fuze box. Although, this time is also read aloud the explanations so that we could both understand fully what the code was doing.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>We took much longer to set up our fuze box than the rest of the class which meant that we  made less progress than everyone else. Also  we didn't communicate as well as Norma which meant that our progress was slowed down.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>next time we need to asses the situation and check that everything is plugged in properly as today we hadn't got the hdmi cable in properly but we just assumed it was in correctly by looking at it. Another thing that we could've done is turned the monitor on its side so that we could properly access the wires. Secondly, we needed to concentrate more and not go off task so that we could've made more progress by communicating better.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


