---
title: Fuze box 5.0
layout: post
author: fraser.chapman
permalink: /fuze-box-5.0/
source-id: 12lSjMqrMEbIPCA7uA-HNx9WQzXCJE-Q4DMVakaQcaek
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Making a blog</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>01/01/01</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>To continue working through the fuze booklet</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To have a Github Pages Static Website</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> No, we did not progress as much as we would've liked to</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>In the first half of the lesson I read out the code and my partner typed it in then we swapped for the second half. This work per well as it gave us both different things to do and gave us a break from the other thing. We did not do this last lesson but we will definitely do this next lesson.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>We did not progress through the manual very quickly today as we had trouble with our fuze box. Unlike normal, we were asked to save our work before running it. We though that we shouldn't save it due to past experience as we though that it would later be overwritten when we saved again. When we declined our work was gone and we had to type the code again. By this time my partner said I should type now so when it got to the same point where it asked me to save, I cancelled as well meaning we lost the work twice.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>next time I need to communicate better with my partner so that I can u detest and where he went wrong and not make the same mistakes, also I need to pay more attention to the computer as well as the manual. This will help me and my partner as we will be able to save our work easier and thus progress through the m</td>
  </tr>
</table>


