---
title: Fuze box 4.0
layout: post
author: fraser.chapman
permalink: /fuze-box-4.0/
source-id: 1-xDzchCeBWPlJX5Vo8yqXmTqx6I1vPL7ry2rAq6AUAg
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Fuze box 4th lesson</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>07/02/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Continuing with saved work from last lesson</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To make more progress through the manual</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> Yes as we did progress and created code</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>This lesson I read the manual and Ethan typed as he was quicker because he can touch type. I read through the explanations in my head but i did read out the important parts so that Ethan could understand what the code was doing. Then i read out the code and we agreed some more words that mean Ethan has to do something in terms of the code for example if i read a word letter by letter then Ethan would know to type that word in capitals. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>We got stuck at the start of the lesson when opening up the fuze box as the program was enlarged too much for the monitor which meant that when we had to add a particularly long line it would go off the monitor and we wouldn't be able to see it. We took too long trying to work this problem out by ourselves and this wasted time. Also we did not save last week’s work properly which also slowed down our progress.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time when i find a re occuring problem that has happened in the past i will ask around for advice which will save lots of time and hopefully we will be able to get more done in the lesson. Also, next time i will think through what we are doing in terms of saving our work so that i do not overwrite the work from earlier in the lesson, i will make a different save every time we start a knew piece and change it from 4.0 for example to 4.1.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


