---
title: fuze box 10
layout: post
author: fraser.chapman
permalink: /fuze-box-10/
source-id: 1Kvdw38EWu7S9K-GM6CK9Te5mXDCjhXsijiBUt5O06_8
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Using components</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>28/3/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Having begun components last lesson</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To make more progress with the fuze box components</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> Yes, as we used quite a lot of different components</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Using the components involved a lot less reading from the manual and a lot more plugging things in a trying to figure out where things went. I looked through the manual when we had to add new components and figure out where they went whilst my partner would type in the necessary code. This was very efficient as we were both doing a different task at the same time. When doing the practical work, i.e adding components, i found it easiest when i followed a picture of the components in the right place rather that text telling me where to put them as that confused me too much and i lost track while reading it.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>When working on two separate tasks we would often be in each other's way, as the image i was referring to was on the same page as the text that my partner was. This meant that at some points when i was relying on the image, we would have to take turns looking at the manual which slowed down our progress. Also, when fitting components i was struggling when there were lots overlapping each other and this confused me in some cases</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time i will try to cooperate more en order to be more efficient when my partner and i are working on two different tasks. Also i will try to read the context around the image so that i know what each component is actually doing rather than just guessing from the image. This would help lots as i would be able to work out how many of each component there are using the text if i cannot work it out using the image, if they are overlapping for example.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


