---
title: Fuze box 8.0
layout: post
author: fraser.chapman
permalink: /fuze-box-8.0/
source-id: 1ApKW4SQUIhok93TchjykDHCFd5hwxat6e8VKEyzm7Lc
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Fuze box 8.0</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>14/3/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Continuing with coding question games</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To have a Github Pages Static Website</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> </td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>as usual I read out the manual to my partner who typed into the fuze box and we made decent progress today. We have had so much practise with this method that it flows very well and Ethan almost always knows what i mean when i use a term to reference to something that he needs to write. For example if i say speech he will add speech marks and assume that the words i say afterwards are meant to have a space between them.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>When setting up and packing away we were a bit slower than usual which meant that we had slightly less time to make progress in the manual. Also we were not quite as quick at working through the manual as we could've been quicker whilst going through code</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time i will focus straight away on the task in hand and outline what i need to do so that i know what i need to do first so that i am more efficient with tasks, for example setting up and packing away. Also i need to always keep my eyes on the page of the manual so that i don’t lose my place in the code which slowed me down before.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


