---
title: Fuze box 9
layout: post
author: fraser.chapman
permalink: /fuze-box-9/
source-id: 1ItS1fAu8F-lMx8EUGerXerPLtjn3oySbUD6ZG3Qs_hg
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>fuze box 9.0</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>01/01/01</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>continuing with the fuze box manual</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To have a Github Pages Static Website</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> yes we progressed quite well</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>we progressed through the manual quickly in our usual manor of me reading from the manual, navigating Ethan who was typing. This allowed us to get onto the components this lesson. I think that it worked quite well when we thoroughly read the text from the manual that described what was going on with the components. This helped us to understand and know what went where.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>We need to get going quicker as at the start of the lesson it took a little longer than usual to get started anth hindered our progress slightly.  Also I was not very clear when communicating to Ethan in the beginning of the lesson when we were doing purely code as I was not fully concentrated. In addition there was a student who didn't have a computer to work on and he just came round annoying us as he had nothing else to do.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time I will be fully concentrated from the start of the lesson. Also next time we need t use trial and error more when doing components as we were trying to get it perfect for the first try which didn't work. When we did eventually use trial and error it worked. So next time we will just try something and if it doesn't work we will try something else.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


